c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll.config
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\DineConnectXF.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Acr.UserDialogs.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Acr.UserDialogs.Interface.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Splat.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Acr.UserDialogs.Interface.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.csproj.App.config
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.View.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.View.StartPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.View.MenuPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.pdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll.mdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll.mdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\obj\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll.mdb
c:\users\codenest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\DineConnectXF\bin\Debug\DineConnectXF.dll.mdb
